BeeeOn: Server
==============

BeeeOn Server is a set of components and configurations that can be
setup into a running system for management of BeeeOn Gateways and
IoT devices connected to them. The most important part of the server
is the Gateway Server (GWS) that manages the BeeeOn Gateway connections
and provides means for remote control of them.

The Gateway Server is driven from frontend parts, the REST-UI Server
and the obsolete XML-UI Server (used for backwards compatibility with
the previous version of the BeeeOn system).

BeeeOn Server manages user identities via third party services (via
OAuth). The only mandatory information about a user identity is
a valid e-mail address. This way, BeeeOn Server reduces space for
leaking of information from the system.

Every user of the BeeeOn Server is given a set of permissions via
roles in the context of certain gateways. The standard user roles
are defined as guest, user and admin. However, the permission level
is a number in general and the role names are just mapped to the
symbolic names. The guests can view data and metadata of the gateways
they are assigned to. User can additionally manipulate actors. Admins
can additionally manage their gateways and access of other users,
pair and unpair IoT devices.

BeeeOn Server defines a set of data types that can be collected and
processed by the system. BeeeOn Gateways (and partially the Gateway
Server) maps the raw data types used by particular IoT technolgies
to the BeeeOn Server types. The types can be inspected via the REST-UI
API together with some metadata.

For more information, visit https://github.com/BeeeOn/server or
see the documentation generated by `make doc`.
